-----------------------------------------------NOT BOUGHT FROM AMAZON-----------------------------------------------I had been using iPhone 6 and was anxiously waiting for iPhone 7 plus, but the launch disappointed me a bit. I started searching for the be
Boasting of Samsung's much talked about "Edge" display, the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge is the second generation of the company's Edge smartphone series (After the S6 Edge, S6 Edge+). Possessing a 5.5 inch edge-to-edge display, this phone has been launched in 3 colours - Gold Platinum, Black Onyx & Silver Titanium. The fastest selling colours seem to be the first two, although I found all 3 colours to be very attractive.The box that the S7 Edge comes in feels premium and contains: a manual, SIM tray ejector pin, Micro USB cable (the S7 twins feature Micro USB port and not USB Type C), earphones, Quick charge 2.0 adapter, and an OTG adapter (that lets you plug in any USB thumb drive directly to your phone). I own the Gold Platinum, which in turn refers to a Gold coloured phone (front and back) with a matte silver finish along the sides. The highly reflective colours (Gold & Silver) with it's contrasting black Super AMOLED display makes for brilliant looks, although it does attract a lot of fingerprints. Needless to say, the black S7 edge offers the most immersive viewing experience as the colour of the phone itself does not distract from the display. Rounding up the rest of the front of the phone is a physical home button flanked by a fingerprint scanner and 2 capacitive buttons to it's either side. The fingerprint scanner is blazing fast as the recognition takes mere fractions of a second. The phone can save upto 4 fingerprints in it's memory. Coming to the 2 capacitive buttons, the left one is a multitasking key which brings up a card view of all the open apps, while the right one is a back key.Switch on the phone, and the display immediately wows you. The punchy colours, the Quad HD resolution and the infinity pool sort of edges of the display are vastly immersive. The blacks are truly black which gives you infinite contrast, and the phone lets you tweak the saturation/colour curves in case punchy colours aren't to your liking. Brightness is more than required too, as visibility even under direct sunlight is never an issue. One of the noteworthy changes to the display is the fact that Samsung has introduced a power efficient Always On Display with this phone. The Always On Display features a clock, battery bar and displays notifications (albeit only ones that are linked to Samsung Apps like email, messages, etc.). There's a notification LED as well which can be customized to light up in a different colour for a different notification, which can also help notify you if you receive notifications on non-native Samsung apps like Whatsapp, Gmail, Snapchat, etc. The power consumption depends on the theme that you've chosen for the Always On Display, but the base theme does not cause much of battery drain.Globally launched with two different, yet powerful processors (Snapdragon 820 / Exynos 8890) depending on the region, I have the version with the Exynos 8890. Needless to say, even after a week with the phone and with multiple apps installed, the performance is solid. Flicking through apps with the multitasking button is seamless and opening an app is very quick too. As I've only done mild gaming with my handset, I can only vouch so much for it's gaming performance. But, both chips seem to offer solid performance, as can be seen on multiple benchmark statistics online. While on the issue of performance, it might be pertinent to note that over heating seems to be a non-issue as I'm yet to encounter this phenomenon.The functionality of the Edge of the phone is limited, currently. Swipe up and down along the length of the edge when the phone is on standby, and it comes to life with either the CNN news tracker, your stock ticker (powered by Yahoo!) or your WhatsApp, Facebook, etc. notifications (in case you've provided the app with permission to display messages on the lock screen). The reason why I say that the functionality is limited is because there are very few apps out there right now which take advantage of this Edge. A nice touch is how the Edge acts as a bedside clock/alarm with the time being displayed magnificently along the Edge so that you don't have to get up/move to see the time on the phone. Some of the built-in functionality for the Edge when the screen is unlocked include access to most-used apps (customizable), contacts (customizable), weather, compass, scale, etc. While this can be implemented in phones even without an Edge, the added real estate and curvature makes sure that there are no accidental swipes and that the edge is well-used. A cool use of the Edge is that if you've left your phone face down, on silent, the edges of the phone light up to notify you of a notification/call. This is really helpful.One of the strongest suites of the phone is it's camera. While the rear-facing camera seems to have been "downgraded" to 12 Mega pixels from the S6 Edge's 16 Mega Pixels, make no mistake - this is one of the best cameras in the market (probably the best, with the new HTC 10 being the other contender). While the pixel count has been brought down, the size of each pixel itself has been increased from 1.12 Micron to 1.4 Micron. Also, the aperture is bigger now, at f/1.7 as compared to f/1.9 earlier. Both of this translates into excellent low light photography. Throw into the mix the fact that the S7 Edge possesses dual pixel focusing (as found in SLRs), you get blazing fast focus too. Pictures turn out sharp, focussed and the colours pop out, especially on the phone's dazzling display. The noise processing might be a little harsh for some, but the pictures are definitely brilliant. Macro shots see a lot of detail and some wonderful bokeh too.The phone's front camera is decent too, though before Samsung rolled out an update, faces/objects seemed skewed. Now, this has been fixed and pictures turn out nice and clean. The only problem is again, Samsung's aggressive noise reduction algorithm - it smoothens out everything a little too much. Thus, a lot of detail (including the unwanted blemishes, acne), get removed in the final output. This is down to a matter of taste - purists will hate it; but then, you mostly turn out looking good in almost every picture.Samsung has been aggressively rolling out updates to this phone to ensure that all bugs/niggles are ironed out. I've received at least 3 updates over the last 3 weeks which have helped remove small issues that I had noticed - camera distortion, false touch recognition on the edge, etc. Samsung manages to show how serious it is about the user experience it has in mind with the updates that it has rolled out too. Kudos - this is definitely a step in the right direction that all smartphone makers should try and imbibe!One of the areas wherein the Edge sibling differs from the normal S7 version is it's battery capacity. Boasting of a 3,600 mAH battery (as opposed to 3,000 mAH on the S7), the S7 Edge has one of the largest batteries available on any phone. Given it's superlative (and large) display, this is a necessity too. As a medium - heavy user, I can vouch for it's battery life. On a day of moderate usage (WhatsApp, browsing, some videos and email), the S7 edge tends to retain about 35-40% of charge till night, after about 12 hours of usage. On days of heavy usage, expect it to last only till the end of the day. I've found that the battery's biggest nemesis seems to be the use of navigation. The usage of GPS, along with Mobile data and display seems to take a big toll on the battery. Heavy usage and about an hour's usage of navigation kills the battery in about 8 hours. So if you're the sort of person who tends to use navigation a lot, do yourself a favour and get yourself a car charger. Finally, of interest is the fact that unlike other phones, the battery life seems largely unaffected irrespective of whether it is functioning on Wi-Fi or Mobile data. All in all, the battery life on this device is definitely very good.The other side to the battery life are it's charging capabilities. Supporting Quick Charge 2.0, this phone can charge it's mammoth batter in less than 2 hours. The fact that it is the first phone to support Wireless Quick charge, pushes the convenience bar also to very high levels. Do note that Samsung has stuck with Micro USB on this phone and that it is not USB Type C. This can be a good or bad thing, depending on if you've already got a pile of Micro USB cables or if you're looking for the latest standards.On purchasing this phone, I was able to register on Samsung's website to order for the VR glasses at 50% off. Though this still set me off by another INR 4,000, and though there's an estimated wait time of 45 - 60 days, I need to say that even the VR glass is worth the price and wait. For first time users, the Wow factor that the Samsung Galaxy VR offers is incredible. Anyway, that's a different product altogether and warrants a separate review.One of the few areas where the phone does not seem to match with the rest of it's parts, is it's speaker. The output volume is just about acceptable, and there is no real bass or punchiness to the sound. If you cup the bottom part of the phone where the speaker is housed, the sound output is remarkably better. However, the lack of 2 speakers clearly shows and it is clearly ousted by it's competition here. Switch over to earphones/headphones (there is a 3.5 mm jack located at the bottom of the phone, next to the charging port), and it's a completely different story. The output is loud and clear, and Samsung even let's you customize the sound output to your taste/liking. In case you use your phone mostly with headphones/earphones, you'll be very happy. In case you tend to use the speakers on your phone to listen to music, you won't be so happy.There's good news and bad news as far as storage goes on the Samsung S7 Edge. In addition to it's 32 GB of internal storage, the Micro SD card slot which disappeared with the S6 & S6 Edge makes a comeback on the S7 twins. The phone has a SIM card tray which houses a Nano-card slot, and a Secondary SIM/Expansion memory slot. You can either use the second slot for a Micro SD card, or you can insert another second Nano SIM card in there. The Micro SD card in the S7 edge does not support Android 6.0's adoptable storage technology. This means that while you can move your media and some apps into your card, the card exists as a separate drive, and it is not an extension of the internal memory of the phone itself. Samsung & LG (G5) have drawn a lot of flak for such an implementation, while HTC 10 has implemented the SD card slot with Android's Adoptive Storage. Another noteworthy feature of the S7 Edge is it's IP67 rating that renders it waterproof and dustproof, though it has open ports, and no clumsy pushers/closers for the ports.Samsung's TouchWiz UI has not undergone too much of change over the last 2 generations. Most of the iterations have been strip downs and that's a good thing. Google's intended design language in Android comes through stronger with each passing iteration, and the S7 Edge currently offers the closest-to-stock Android experience. Having said that, this is no Nexus. Samsung still lavishly installs at least about 15-16 of it's apps on to your phone before boxing it up. While some of them are good, like the S Health and Gallery apps, a vast majority of them are either redundant (given the Stock Android apps do the same) or useless. You can disable these apps if you wish to, but they're pretty much tucked away unobtrusively anyway. What Samsung certainly does well, though, is give you control over even small actions/options. This is a great thing, and what was once core to Android. Some of the phone manufacturers though, through their own skins, don't let you change settings easily. Samsung, on the other hand, has done a decent job here. If anything, the choices are only overwhelming.All in all, the phone has gorgeous looks, excellent build quality, a superb display, amazing processing power, an awesome rear camera, good front camera, great battery life, middling  speakers, expandable storage, a micro USB port, charges fast and is waterproof.
I loved s7 edge  ... the phone is very good in performance....everything in the phone is very good..no problem of lack or hanging... This is the best phone for everyone ..it's design is awesome if u have the budget of this phone I strongly recommend u to buy this phone..n u will be having no single problem in this s7 edge
Using it since 10 days now..its a very good phone. Gold colour looks much better than Silver. Far better experience than my S6. For me, the battery lasts for more than a day with 4G connetivity, Wi-fi at times, approx 100 min calling a day, emails, Whatsapp, and other General Apps. NO FB and NO GAMES.Screen clarity is good. Videos play crisp. Sound is also pretty good. Edge features are dumb and unwanted. Always On feature is good and doesnt drain much Battery as committed.Overall very good porduct. But felt it could be less pricy may be 40k could have been a best bet for this
<U+2267><U+25C9><U+25E1><U+25C9><U+2266> Hello <U+2267><U+25C9><U+25E1><U+25C9><U+2266><U+203B> INTRODUCTION <U+203B>I got a chance to get in touch with the all new products of Samsung — The 'Samsung Galaxy S7' and 'Samsung Galaxy S7 edge'.Both the machines are superb and attractive (both internally & externally). Samsung has included many good stuffs in them. I moved through almost all of them and it really was a splendid experience. I enjoyed the time with it so much.Now, I think, it is time to share that experiences with you all. That's why I'm writing this review."All the views expressed in this review are are solely my own."Enjoy the review.....<U+203B> AMAZING DESIGN <U+203B>The S7 and S7 edge are very fine looking. These are the best ones that Samsung had ever made till now. At first look, the 'Galaxy S7' looks like the 'Galaxy S6'. The body is so cute, soft, smooth, tough and strong. The corners are more rounded, for extra smoothness. When I saw them, I thought they will slip from my hands (I'm a careless boy). But, to my surprise, they provided great grip. They are so handy and very comfy to hold. The curves are fantastic. The more I looked at them, the more they attracted my eyes!Gorilla Glass 4 covers the front and the back of the mobile. Hence, they are protected.All the keys are so comfy. The 'home key' also handles the role of a 'fingerprint scanner'.There is a 'Heart rate scanner' very closer to the rear flash. I haven't gone through them, so I don't know their accuracy.There is only one speaker in this mobile, which is placed on the bottom. If I designed them, I don't put them in the base. Because, when watching videos or playing games, the speakers might get covered by your hands. I played some musics and videos to check the clarity of the speakers. They are nice.The SIM card tray shows 'two in one' function. That is, the SIM card tray can accommodate a SIM card and a microSD card, at a time.The mobile is designed in a way to protect them from water, small accidents, dust, dirt, etc. If you have a dream to take a selfie in the pool, this machines will help you to fulfill that dream. That's really cool, isn't it? But there is a problem, this mobile won't charge if it detects water in it. So, if it is wet, you have to dry it for charging.<U+203B> STYLISH DISPLAY <U+203B>The 'Galaxy S7' has a screen size of 5.1-inches as the 'Galaxy S6', whereas the 'Galaxy S7 edge' has a screen size of 5.5-inches. This mobile has QHD Super AMOLED display with a resolution of 2,560 x 1,440. But, this ones screen is more brighter than its predecessors.There are a plenty of themes present at the 'Theme store'. So now, you can customize the display according to your wish.Another special feature on this phone, which I haven't expected is the displaying of clock or calendar or patterns when the screen is off. And also, it shows the missed calls and message (if any), but it doesn't shows any other notifications such as that of Facebook, Whatsapp, or other apps. This made me disappointed.The 'Galaxy S7 edge' can accommodate up to 10 app shortcuts and folders on its edge. This feature on the edge gives you fast and easy access to your favourite folders and apps. Ther are many more functions in the edge, that you haven't ever imagined.<U+203B> CAMERA QUALITY IS AS EXPECTED<U+203B>Samsung has given a separate hand to focus on their new Galaxy's camera.The back (primary) camera is 12 megapixel and the front (secondary) camera is 5 megapixel. Now, blurred images are absent.Even though Samsung haven't included any front facing flash, they have included a software trick in it. That is, when the flash is 'on' while shooting with the front facing camera, the screen will go all white and thus the phone will increase the brightness of the picture you capture. This really is a cool stuff.Camera of the all new 'Galaxy S7' and 'Galaxy S7 edge' comes up with many features, which also include: 'Autofocus', 'Low light mode', 'HDR', 'Pro Camera Mode', 'Live Broadcast', 'Selective Focus', 'Motion Panorama', 'Spotlight', 'Motion photo', 'Virtual shot', 'wide selfie', 'Hyperlapse', 'Slow motion', and many more. The camera also has the feature 4K video recording.The presence of Dual Pixel Sensors gives a great natural feel to every images you capture.<U+203B>GREAT GAMING EXPERIENCE<U+203B>The one I get in touch had 'Asphalt 8: Airborne' installed in it.The 4GB RAM provides great performance to every game. So, high-graphic games like 'Asphalt 8: Airborne', 'Modern Combat 5: Blackout', 'Brothers in Arms® 3', 'Real Racing', etc. run so smoothly on this mobile. The 'One Plus 3' has greater RAM (6GB) than this one. But, there is no lag in the performance of this mobile.This mobile also includes a special feature called 'Game Launcher', which I haven't seen on other mobiles. So, it was new for me. All most all the settings regarding the games (saving power during game, muting alerts during game, gameplay recording, etc.) can be controlled over here.<U+203B> NICE PERFORMANCE <U+203B>The phone is running on Exynos 8890 octa-core CPU (owned by Samsung). The phone has a RAM of 4GB. The mobile showed more than enough awesomeness to grasp my focus. The Marshmallow skin gives a prettier look to this one. All things from floor to roof works so smoothly and quickly.I heard that; apart from the precursor, this ones CPU shows about 30% extra fitness level.<U+203B> BATTERY IS GOOD <U+203B>The 'Galaxy S7' has a battery capacity of 3000mAh, whereas the 'Galaxy S7 edge' has a battery capacity of 3600mAh.So, the 'Galaxy S7 edge' is a better choice than the 'Galaxy S7', for those who need better battery life.The 'Galaxy S7 edge' takes about 1 hour and 50 minutes to rise its battery level from 0% to 100%. But, the 'Galaxy S7' take only about 1 hour and 30 minutes to rise its battery level from 0% to 100%.As you all know, the 'Galaxy S7' and the 'Galaxy S7 edge' are compatible with wireless charging. And, I only opt wireless charging, as they are simple and better than other types of charging.<U+203B> ACCESSORIES FOR YOU <U+203B>Along with the 'S7' and 'S7 edge', Samsung has launched a wide range of accessories in the market to make your phone look good at any time.The list includes a wide range of covers: LED View Cover, Clear View Cover, S View Cover, Flip Wallet, Clear Cover, etc.Both the 'S7' and 'S7 edge' are compatible with many more products such as: Wireless Charger, Bluetooth headphones, VR Headsets, etc.<U+203B> PROS <U+203B>» Awesome design.» Brighter display.» Very comfortable to hold and handle.» Waterproof body.» Dust & Dirt» Camera is superb.» 4GB RAM» Internal memory can be expanded upto 200GB.» Fabulous performance.» The always-on feature is nice.» Presence of game launcher is nice.» The curves in the 'S7 edge' is really cool.» Corners are more rounded for extra smoothness.» Glad to have the 'dual pixel sensors'.» Super camera.» Back & Front is covered by Gorilla Glass 4.» Better Battery life.» Great power saving technology.» Nice gaming experience.» And, many more to explain.<U+203B> CONS <U+203B>» Price tag is a bit high.» The 3000mAh battery of 'S7' needs improvements.» Only one speaker, and that too at the base.» Battery is not removable.» Internal memory is just 32GB.<U+203B> VERDICT <U+203B>The 'Galaxy S7' and 'Galaxy S7 edge' really great mobiles. You can reach at the inferences by comparing the PROS and CONS, itself. Samsung has introduced many new things and also they have made many improvements in various sectors of this mobiles. The design and display are extremely superb. The easiness in handling is nice. The camera too needs special compliments.The battery of 'S7' is bit down. I think, Samsung might have forgotten to given great care on that aspect. If anyone asks me about the opinion in its price, I will surely say that, its priced high. Many competitors of Samsung launch their smartphones at a worthy price tag. For example, the OnePlus 3 has 6GB RAM and 64GB internal memory and also is priced at <U+20B9>27,999.00. But, in the other fields, Samsung is the unbeaten warrior.If I had enough budget in my pocket, I will surely go for the 'Samsung Galaxy S7 edge'.<U+2267><U+25E0><U+25E1><U+25E0><U+2266> I HOPE YOU FOUND MY REVIEW HELPFUL. IF "YES", KINDLY HIT THAT YES BUTTON <U+2267><U+25E0><U+25E1><U+25E0><U+2266><U+2267>°<U+25E1>°<U+2266> IF YOU HAVE ANY DOUBTS OR QUESTIONS, PLEASE FEEL FREE TO CONTACT ME (MY CONTACT INFORMATIONS ARE GIVEN IN MY PROFILE) <U+2267>°<U+25E1>°<U+2266><U+2267>^<U+25E1>^<U+2266> HAVE A GREAT DAY <U+2267>^<U+25E1>^<U+2266>
Just two years ago, Samsung released the Galaxy S5. The handset was the most powerful phone available at the time, but it wasn't a looker. Last year's Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge signalled a much needed change for Samsung, and the change is only more obvious with the S7 Edge. The Galaxy S7 Edge is downright gorgeous.
I bought the s7edge from a local seller (since he was giving me a JIO sim without queue :P).Its an awesome phone with stunning looks, great speed and beautiful display. The camera is simply amazing and phone feels great in the hand. The edge is more of a beauty feature than functionality. I am a heavy app user with a ton of apps installed in the phone.. hence did not get the iPhone 6s. Best decision ever.
Samsung has finally touched the correct design track for its premium S line-up. The S7 edge is truly a masterclass piece with some some jaw-dropping specs and a completely waterproof design. The company has also worked upon its home based ui touchwiz which runs on top of marshmallow to be more user friendly. Let us talk about my unboxing experience and complete review.IN THE BOX:Samsung greets us with its beast on the top followed by some user manuals and documentation. The box also packs in some earbuds, power brick and a micro-usb cable.The power adapter comes with the fast charging technology.REVIEW:1.The glass on glass design with curved edges provide an eye- catchy design. For me, I am not a big fan of it as it is quite slippery and is definitely a fingerprint magnet.2. The device features its own Exynos 8890 processor under the hood with 4GB of RAM which turned out to very fast and power efficient. RAM management was also great in the device as it could handle 5-6 games in the background without any lag or stutter.3. 3600mAH huge battery lasted me for more than a day. I could easily squeeze out a day and a half with moderate usage. Heating was also not an issue with fast charger or wireless charger for that matter.4. IP68 resistance is great to have as I had no problem using it in the shower while talking on the phone.5. The Super-Amoled display has great viewing angles and the color reproduction is the best I have seen in the smartphone industry. Always-on display is another feature with adds a diamond to its crown.6. Software is still not the best. It definitely needs further filtration especially with its bloatware.7. Camera quality is the best in the smartphone industry with accurate color reproduction and a beautiful HDR mode.8. Speakers are just decent and it could have been better if they provided us with stereo speakers.VERDICT: This phone is probably the best flagship out there hands down. With a smooth gaming and video experience and a great camera which performs well under low light, this phone wins the crown hands down. With its elegant design and beastly specs, there should not be any second thought while purchasing this device. This continues to be my daily driver even after 6 months.
I pre-ordered it even before it was launched and writing this review after 6 weeks of usage. I used S6 Edge which was already a very good device but with a few shortcomings and my expectation from the S7 Edge was that those shortcomings are fixed, sticking to what were already good and it happened to be exactly so. My major requirements from a mobile apart from being a phone are camera, battery life, ergonomics and performance. And it excelled in all the four departments when compared to it predecessor S6 Edge.1. CAMERA:Although the mega pixel count has reduced to 12MP from S6's 16MP it doesn't have any bearing when it comes to the practicality with S7 clearly dominating the S6's camera. Camera on S7 was rated at 88/100 by DxOMark the best compared to any existing phone which sets the new benchmark for mobile cameras. The best in class for low light photography. For a casual photographer like me who normally shoots in auto mode, this mobile delivers almost close to the output that a DSLR delivers if it is set in auto mode too.2. BATTERY:With the similar pattern of usage the battery life on S7 Edge is about almost double the S6 Edge and I consider this as a superb upgrade. I normally get 5 hours SOT and around 3 hours voice calls before it drops to zero percent or I must say 1.5 - 2 days of moderate usage. Even for a heaviest user it will suffice for a full day's usage. It supports fast charging and the time taken to fully charge the battery from 0 to 100 is just 99 minutes.3. DISPLAY:Display is the department something that Samsung has always been topping among Android devices and this time it's no exception either. The display is crisp and clear.The Auto Brightness feature, on S7 Edge, has improved tremendously over S6 Edge and you don't have to adjust it every time you go out in bright sun or into dark unlike the S6 Edge. Once you leave it at auto, it takes care of the adjustment without you having to do anything. And this was one feature I always wished I had on S6 Edge.4. EASE OF USE:Coming to the ergonomics I'm honestly frustrated by almost all the Android phone makers as they are totally getting into insane sizes making it extremely difficult to hold the phone single-handed or to put it in a pocket. Although boasts of a 5.5 inch screen this mobile has been crammed into just 72 mm width which is the least compared to any of those 5.5 inch display mobiles in the market. This makes it relatively easier to hold the handset with one hand. However you may not be able to operate it one-handed unless you set it up to one-handed operation by going into ADVANCED FEATURES from settings.5. PERFORMANCE:You throw anything at it and it'll handle smoothly and I don't have any complaints in this regards.6. FEW OTHER KEY FEATURES:a) Always On Display that lets your display show you the time always instead of powering on the device but uses considerable amount of battery.b) Gorilla Glass 4 front and rear panelsc) IP68 certified which means dust proof and water resistant which was dearly missing on S6 Edge.d) 32/64GB of built-in storage along with microSD slot up to 200GB. The microSD slot can also be used as a second SIM slot.e) Heart-rate monitor and barometerf) Wireless chargingComing to the CONS as per my personal opinion:1. It often drops the WiFi connectivity and needs to switch it off and then on most of the times you operate it which is by all means terrible when you have bought a phone worth 57k. I'm eagerly waiting for Samsung to release a update to fix this issue.2. Body and the screen attract lot of finger prints but you may however use a screen guard and a case you can overlook this one.All in all if I've to overlook the only major con(WiFi), I must admit that this is the best device I have ever used. Without any doubts just go for it and you'll not be disappointed no matter how high you have your expectations set for this. IT"S A WINNER.
Ignore the sudden influx of negative reviews for this phone. I think they are all paid to lower rating of the phone.Its a brilliant phone. Apart from the obvious fragility and price, nothing wrong with it.Display, Camera, Battery, Software all are stable and perfect.
This device is awesome...  Display is superbb,  camera quality is excellent,  battery backup is also good with havy usage...  Overall its awesome.  Its not a phone its a beast.. If you think to by this phone so go for it...  Its beyond your expectations. I love this phone ...  Thanks for your fast delivery amezone ...
It is a beautiful productIts ram management is also good very fast in app opning if you are a gamer than better to go with iPhone 6s because it is a very goo<U+1E0D> phone for the gaming experience
Since the release of their first powerhouse flagship GALAXY S1 Samsung has been trying to be a global brand name and not just another Asian company and their unrelenting determination and efforts have paid off , Samsung is currently the top manufacturer of android mobiles.So it was natural that they will joust with Apple for the brand image, market and reputation as the top mobile manufacturer in the world.Galaxy S4 and S5 although technically superior to iphone 5 and 5s were lacking something and hence were never considered as an serious alternative for then iphones.That something was designSamsung then undertook total design overhaul for their flagship and released S6 in 2015dubbing it as an "CLEAN SLATE" and "DESIGN ZERO" meaning that future galaxy phones will be based on this design.It was first time that a Samsung flagship received full metal and glass design.Although company experimented with full metal design with its A series but the combination of metal and glass in S6 was exiquisite to look, hold and most importantly own.Samsung phones were no more plastic inferior wannabe iphones.Now, in 2016 company has release S7 and S7 edge as their flagship. Staying true to "Design Zero" the company has not made any major difference in appearance from s6 and only significant change is almost non existing back camera bump from s6.As for hardware the company seems to have adopted Apple's policy- meaning hold back some of the features from an currently released phone and add them as features in the next flagship release. A practice I am not very fond of but somewhat can understand it is necessary to keep producing and selling high end phones one after the other.Anyways the specs on Galaxy S7 edge areCorning Gorilla Glass 4 back panelSamsung Pay (Visa, MasterCard certified)IP68 certified - dust proof and water resistant over 1.5 meter and 30 minutesSuper AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors 5.5 inches ,Resolution 1440 x 2560 pixels (~534 ppi pixel density)Qualcomm MSM8996 Snapdragon 820/Exynos 8890 OctaQuad-core (2x2.15 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo)/Octa-core (4x2.3 GHz Mongoose & 4x1.6 GHz Cortex-A53)GPU Adreno 530/Mali-T880 MP12One of the best camera of 2016 in regards to low light photography and automatic mode selectionThe improvement over S6 edge are--4GB RAM-memory card support-IP67 water and dust resistance ( its not waterproof! keep that in mind)-CPU,GPU and chipset improvement-Slightly tweaked camera with reduced focal stop for better pictures( Among the top cameras of 2016)As for edge panels sadly they don't offer much experience wise but are nice too look at.
Nice phone BUT, Not Value For Money...Opened my S7 Edge gifted to me by my wife, after my previous Galaxy S4 started showing tantrums and then the screen got cracked during a slip. Was seeing this phone, but was not getting the rhyme or reason to spend another big amount for another Flagship phone (S4 was a Flagship phone when i purchased ). but, perhaps my wifey understood and purchased....Anyways, coming to the point-Good but NOT Great or VFM.1. Its a DUAL SIM phone IF you replace MicroSD card place with another SIM!!!! Eh??? why Samsung why??? cant you make another hole for a Micro SD card?? or you will make it in S8 and market it for this change?? my plan was to put a 4G Relaince Jio SIM and use it for Data,but thats washed away. Some novice may think 32 GB is good enuff but not me, my S4 has a 64 GB MicroSD. S7 with a bloatware of around 8 GB gives approx 23 GB and add that u cannot fill it up-it will slow down, so this brings to next point2.Why limiting to 32 GB and further reducing it by bloatware???3. Battery is Good by mah figures BUT within 1 hr of usage it came down from 42% to 32%, so my plan to divorce the powerbank is now Unworkable...4.Most of the features are already there in my S4 so why should i spend for an upgrade.5.Photos in low light is Good BUT again so does my GS4....6.IP68 Protection-another jolt came when i read the quick manual, it says IP68 protection but not against running water/ water in force and to quote directly-"Despite this classification,your device is not impervious to water damage in any situation". Samsung what should i infer???Are you washing your responsibility in case of an accidental water ingress??ofcourse i am not going to Dunk my phone(AND MONEY) to test your IP68 protection...7.Screen and Build-it would be unfair if i dont accept that these two things are really AWESOME but given in a package Perhaps it needs more of substance and LESS of Gimmickry, AMEN.WILL UPDATE AS I DISCOVER NEWER THINGS....
BEST DISPLAY EVER IN SAMSUNG ...fast,ultra slim,shiny metal,large edge display,wonderful looks,REALLY IT MAKES YOU ""RETHINK WHAT A PHONE CAN DO"".If you afford such price ...please go for it ...I guarantee you will love it...let the IPhone rest in peace..
I just got dis information from the Samsung Care that there is no Gorilla Glass in S7/S7Edge screen..Due to this my S7 screen got cracked, My mobile was dropped from around 1 metre height and my whole screen shattered due to absence of gorilla glass..It is a very fragile mobile so plz dont waste money on this mobile..
Its an awesome phone...Liked it..
I got a silver one and after one month of usage the purple barcode kind of lines started appearing on the sceeen.exactly 4 days after the lines started to appear the screen went completely blank. There seems to be a lot of manufacturing defect of some sort as my phone was the second one among my friends to have an display issue. Initially the service center guys argued it was physical damage but eventually agreed its a manufacturing fault. After almost 4 weeks in service center they informed me that they will be refunding me...Post sales service is very bad.Apart from that the phone is simply superb.
i bought the phone silver coloured from retail shop . its an amazing phone but the post sales repair services are extremely bad. i had accidentally broken the display and i went to the authorised service centre. they failed to get the screen repaired because they never had the part available with them.i had to deposit the phone back at service centre and after almost 01 month when they failed to get it repaired, they settled for refund based on depreciation which means invoice value - repair cost ,which again takes some 3 weeks. it was horrible experience. never expected from a premium phone like this .very poor and harrassing experience.
I always prefer Samsung mobile I changed my mobile from S6 to S7 edge on the very first day of its  launching with a great hope,undoubtedly the mobile is nice but not as much as I hoped. 0 have to visit service center for certain problems and upgrading the new software. They promised free service at doorstep but it's lacking.
Best in the market !!!
I have used almost all flagship phones including iphone 6 and 6s till 2015 and S7 edge is my first take for 2016, after using it for 1 month, i would say this is the best phone i have ever used. It feels great, looks great, performance is outstanding, it can handle almost any games or app you throw on it. I am simply in love with this beauty from SAMMY :)
Worst display.Gorilla 4 it is but still just fallen down from sofa and it was damaged,though it was covered with 360 degree cover and laminated.It cost 15k extra and if you will not do that then your phone will be out of warranty and also will not be water or dust proof.They will simply say that Gorilla 4 is not scratch proof or unbreakable,they will not even listen your reason or anything.
Better than iPhone 5 too really !!!!
Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge 32GB smartphone - gold offers incredible communication experience alongside insane entertainment. The dual SIM galaxy mobile runs on Quad-core (2.15GHz + 1.6GHz) Kryo processor and is based on Marshmallow Android 6.0 OS to power your needs perfectly. Storage and memory needs are met through 4GB RAM and built-in storage of 32GB with an extendable option upto 200GB via microSD slot. The slim and sleek S7 Edge phone comes with 5.5 inch Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen to render stunning views and sports 12MP rear camera with dual pixel technology for less blur and a new advanced sensor for catching details in low light. Backed by 3600mAh battery, the S7 Edge smartphone features a dual edge design to access real-time updates with a single swipe and has 5MP front camera for selfie fun. The Galaxy S7 Edge powers up from 0 to 100% in no time and is water-resistant in up to 5 feet of water for up to 30 minutes. The S7 Edge battery is non-removable, supports wireless charging and offers utility through Samsung Pay, Accelerometer, Barometer, Fingerprint, Gyro, Geo-magnetic, Hall, HRM, Proximity, RGB Light features. Connectivity is achieved through Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac 2.4G+5GHz, VHT80 MU-MIMO Bluetooth v4.2, ANT+, USB 2.0, NFC, GPS, Glonass, Wi-Fi Direct and awesomeness through 'Now on Tap' - technology that anticipates your next move(Note:The Second SIM Slot of this Dual SIM Phone Accepts Either a Nano SIM Card or a microSD Memory Card).
If you are looking for a premium phone, just go for it. dust and water resistant, excellent camera and display, comes with 3600mAh battery.
Just use it to know..don't go on reviews..you can transfer all your apps to memory card..a beast..awsum phone..
Best
Don't go on negative review either they are by people who don't have any money to buy this beast or they're apple fanboys.
Very good phone just a little over priced but they are giving gear vr for 990rs. So over all a good deal.Much better than xperia x crap.
Guys.my s7 edge tempered glass peeled off after i put it into the protective case.it is a big problem to me.is there who facing the same problem like me??i
So these are the devices I have used in last 8 years - iphone 3g, htc desire x, micromax canvas knight, one plus one and two. S7 edge is the latest one I am using. I wouldn't say much but based on my experience this phone is expensive but worth the money if you like an all round best device. I would say this is the best device I have owned since iphone. Have been using since around 3 months but no issues with performance so far. Once plus devices are the next best in terms of hardware but after using for some time you know that it's not just hardware but overall user experience which matters and software running with out glitch is a major part of it. This phone does not just satisfy but delights in that part. So if you can afford it, go for it.
What a masterpiece by samsung!Its camera is just more than awesome.. Much better than iphone 6s... Compared with my frnds iphone 6s recently! Hands on..... A true smartphone!
Yes the item met its requirement and was delivered on a date earlier than the initial committed. Received a god service from AMAZON.Thank you
It is a great flag ship smartphone from Samsung, S7 edge looks so gorgeous,Display and camera are the best you can get on any phone right now, Good battery life, But the audio is not up to the mark due to water resistance the bottom facing speaker is tiny with no bass, The sound from audio jack is also average, if you can adjust with audio quality this is the best smartphone you can buy right now.
I think Samsung has done brilliant job by inventing the  edge feature. Undoubtedly best phone in this planet right now.!!!!!
This phone is just amazing. I've been using this phone for the past one month and all I can say is, GET IT. I don't want to get into the technical details because everyone knows of it by now so from an amateur's point of view, this phone's display boggles my mind. Everything looks super clear and the camera is THE BEST. Forget iPhone. The wide angle lens on the front can take amazing selfies. I love selfies and this phone is awesome at it. Many people have appreciated the pictures with absolutely no editing done. Initially I was hesitant to get a Samsung phone and invest so much in it but now I can say its worth every penny. So many features that I'm yet to uncover and hey, you shouldn't wait. Get this phone right now!
The original device had a problem with the display - it showed alternating white and dark bands across the screen when the intensity level was anything but fully bright.  However, the display was promptly replaced by the Samsung service centre.  Apart from the fact that the Edge has still not lived up to its full potential, this is an outstanding device through and through.  The camera is absolutely stunning
POOR PEOPLE IF YOU CANT AFFORD,, DO NOT WRITE NEGATIVE COMMENTS.....RESPECT THE BRAND..........BRAND .....BRAND  HAHAHA ONE PLUS XIOMI REDMI ,,, CHINESE CRAP<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Before you wonder why I'm rating this as much as I have, especially when this is the most talked about phone, I'll begin with one simple aspect about design. Form follows function.The very design of the phone beats any other in the market. No doubt. But it fails on many counts. The curved edge for example, makes it difficult to hold. You'll admire it's beauty forever and ever. But if you have to actually hold it and type an email, boy oh boy, doesn't it make life difficult!! Next, the materials. Brilliant to hold. But in addition you've got to really be careful. One drop and the screen shatters. Replacement isn't easy as stocks are not available. If you do find it its upwards of 15k. In addition to a fornight's wait. That's not cool, eh? Next, touchwiz. You cannot see the notifications as easily as you can on any other phone. iPhone, for example. And no, I'm no fanboy. 32 GB onboard space. You can be sure that you'll run out of space very soon as the external memory card can't be used for storing applications. That, despite marshmallow actually providing for it. Samsung has disabled that feature. Which means that you technically have only 32gb to play around with. What's good though is the camera which is now a 12 mega pixel shooter. And the fact that otg is supported. Of course the android ecosystem can still be better.These aspects to me make this a great looking phone which cannot be a daily driver at any rate. At best, this can be a secondary phone for taking calls and watching videos. Now, 57k is hardly worth that kind of utility. Right? By the way I'd owned this phone for three weeks and got frustrated with its delicate nature and gave it away. Oh yes, in between I did have shattered screen that costed 15.4k to be replaced. If you ask me, skip it. And go for a more functional and robust phone that encapsulates form following function. E.g., nexus 6p if you're an android fan or iPhone 6 or 6S plus if you're an iOS person. Hope this helped.
It isn't a phone but a BEAST the best ever from samsung now go for it with blind faith yipeee i got it also
Supplier is niceYou get what you are promised.Thanks Amazon for a gr8 experience
I bought it from store because I needed it urgently. It's a good product.
EXPERT REVIEW AFTER USING THE PRODUCT FOR 7 DAYS.PRIMARY CAMERA TAKES STUNNING PICTURESRETINA DISPLAY PRODUCES CRYSTAL CLEAR VIDEOS AND GAMESINTERNAL EXPENDABLE MEMORY HAS LOT OF SPACE FOR FILES.IMPROVED RAM FOR FASTER PERFORMANCE.ANDROID OPERATING SYSTEM MAKES IT A PREMIUM DEVICE. JUST GO FOR IT2 STARS BECAUSE MY FRIEND GOT THIS ON DISCOUNTED ON AMAZONTO GET ON DISCOUNTED PRICE GO TO: bit.do/ amazon-shop
great product from samsung :-)[...]
Awesome Phone !______________________________________________________________________________________________So Once Again hello friends this is Rohan Agarwal and this is The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge So let's get started.Technical SpecificationsOS  Android { You Will Get Android 6 Marshmellow Out Of the Box. }RAM  4 GBItem Weight  472 gProduct Dimensions  16 x 8.8 x 5 cmBatteries:  1 Lithium ion batteries required.Item model number  S7 Edge SM-G935FSpecial features  Primary Camera,Expandable Memory,Secondary CameraOther camera features  12MP primary camera and 5MP front facing cameraForm factor  TouchscreenWeight  470 GramsColour  GoldBattery Power Rating  3600What's in the box  Charger , Cable , Handsfree , Handset , OTG , Sim ejecting PinAdvantages<U+26AB>Style premium with metal<U+26AB>5.5-inch screen with Super AMOLED technology<U+26AB>Dilapsi screen Gorilla Glass 5<U+26AB>The technology "Always On Display" makes the screen always lit<U+26AB>4G LTE network<U+26AB>Has a fingerprint scanner<U+26AB>Equipped with IP68 (waterproof)<U+26AB>Running the latest Android OS v 6.0 marshmallow<U+26AB>CPU Exynos 8890 Octa Core 2.3 GHz GPU Mali-880 and MP12 are able to produce a strong performance<U+26AB>4 GB of RAM to support multitasking performance<U+26AB>Internal memory of 32/64 GB to store your files and applications<U+26AB>MicroSD slot up to 200 GB<U+26AB>MP main camera with a lens aperture of f / 1.7, phase detection autofocus, OIS, LED flash and Auto HDR<U+26AB>5 MP front camera, f / 1.7 with features dual video call and Auto HDR<U+26AB>3600 mAh battery with wireless charging and fast chargingDisadvantages / Lacks<U+26AB>MicroSD slot integrates with SIM slot 2<U+26AB>There is no front camera flash LED<U+26AB>Not support USB Type C<U+26AB>There is no radio Multimedia<U+26AB>Non-removable batteryAlthough It Is the Best Phone You can Buy From Amazon.
I really want this device but waiting from samsung to expose its sdk so that I could bloat my apps in it. As of now, my Vehicle recognize app that extensively uses the camera to recognize any vehicle, is not supporting by this model, but working in sony devices. I am waiting. Also, waiting for the batman edition as well.
Fantastic phone !
my liky phone..
Its hands down,the best phone available in the market.
Supperr
I'm having an extra Samsung s7 edge 32gb I want to sell at 52k fully new not used with all boxing and accessories. Details contact  7045204749
Unbelivable Facts about Flagship Mobile #S7Edge from #Samsung  [...]
HELLO GUYS TODAY IN THIS REVIEW I WILL SAY U ABOUT THE SMARTPHONE AND SPECIFICATIONS SO LETS GET STARTEDABOUT THE SMARTPHONE:-2.3 GHz, 1.6 GHz Octa-Core ProcessorSuper AMOLED 2560 x 1440 Pixels 5.5 Inch Screen32 GB Internal storage and 4 GB RAM12 MP Primary Camera and 5 MP Secondary CameraS-VoiceSPECIFICATIONS:-OS AndroidRAM 4 GBItem Weight 440 gProduct Dimensions 16 x 8.8 x 5 cmBatteries: 1 Lithium ion batteries required.Item model number S7 Edge SM-G935FConnectivity technologies EdgeGPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASSSpecial features Primary Camera,Expandable Memory,Secondary CameraOther camera features 12MP primary camera and 5MP front facing cameraForm factor TouchscreenWeight 440 GramsColour GoldBattery Power Rating 3600Whats in the box Charger , Cable , Handsfree , Handset , OTG , Sim ejecting PinGuys if you like my review plz vote for me and like my review thank youTHANK YOUBEST REGARDS;YOUSUF ALI KHAN.J
Nothing compares if you talk about a phone. It is beautiful. Well crafted and feels premium in your hands. One of the best phone in the market. Although Samsung customer service is a pain in the ass, you must protect.youre phone from dents and damages because you are gonna pay a fortune to repair it. And if it's not in warranty. You should consider buying a new phone. Lol. But that's what is when you buy big daddy phones. Camera is the best amongst the smartphones. I have tested LG G5 iPhone 6s plus cameras and Samsung gave a stunning shot. It's beautiful but you must think to buy a case for it though it will hide the beauty of the phone but at least you can save your pocket if something happens to your phone regarding to the screen. The phone doesnt even hangs as most of samsung phones do. But this is a flagship killer.Go for it guys if you have the money.  I guarantee you that you won't regret.
The best phone i have ever used from samsung.i brought this one from Australia.Seriously gusy i used iphone 6s plus for a week and then decided to go for s7 edge.After using both the phones i give  10 out of 10 to s7 edge and 8 to iPhone.I am using this phone from last 4 months. It hanged a couple of times but thats okay.I am enjoyong every moment of using it.Starting from edge feature to camera and most important 5.5 phone gets in your palm easily. You can operate the phone with one hand.Biometric unlock, water proof what else you want.  Go for it if you are willing to spend on a decent and royal phone.
Nice phone but no after sales service...(
World Best Phone Ever....
I won't repeat what has been said multiple times, and it's all true, by the way - the display is phenomenal, the camera's the best available,  and the edge, more than it's utility(which is not great), makes the phone look like more than 'just another smartphone'.While purchasing this, I was also considering the HTC 10, which is another great recent flagship. I purchased the galaxy for majorly three reasons - The super AMOLED display, exclusive to Samsung, with the saturated colous, the edge, which looks unbelievably good, and the bigger screen and battery life. Nobody was saying anything bad about this, so I went ahead and bought it. On paper, this was the prefect smartphone.This is where the trouble starts. The phone is perfect on paper, but my biggest problem with it: The phone feels, and is, fragile. Not the build quality, that's excellent, of course, no complaints there. But the build is a fully glass one, front and back, which gives twice as many potential cracks. The glass looks great, but is not so much for slightly rough daily use. Each time I put it in my pocket, I'm afraid that when I take it out, I'm going to see a cracked screen. The fear is not entirely unfounded, since Samsung has never been known for making the most durable screens. And the edge doesn't help the durability.Further, the edge display, which makes it look so good, possibly better than any other phone in the market, causes so many problems - Accidental touches, not being able to curl your hand around it, having difficult in picking it up from surfaces, and the biggest, not being able to find a proper screen guard for it. They sell them of course, but believe me, you'll feel it if you buy it.As for the AMOLED display, it is amazing, yes, and better than any other, again, but maybe not by enough to justify buying it just for that. The LCD IPD displays in the HTCs look pretty good themselves; the difference is nowhere near what it was in the Galaxy S3 days. Also, because of the edge, the screen doesn't feel like 5.5", again the difference between this and HTC's 5.2" won't be the most significant in practice.And the camera, yes, it is the best. No complaints there. Other cameras can never hold a candle to it.The areas where the HTC really shines, on the other hand, are also important - most importantly, the HTC has hi-res audio. The good DAC, with the great amplifier make me wish I had bought this. The full metal body makes this phone also feel amazing; looks or feel is not one of the areas where this phone is lacking, in any way.Because of these reasons, and some others, finally, I wish I had instead purchased the HTC 10. Decide for yourself, which one you want, but my advice - do extensive research on both before making the purchase.  Other great smartphones which I considered, but had to veto for one reason or another, were : OnePlus 3(HD instead of quad HD, plus fixed storage), Nexus 6P(No expandable memory)(Also same reason with galaxy S6 edge+, S6 edge, and note 5), LG V10(Plastic build, not the greatest display), Xperia Z5 premium(overall). Of these, of course,  OP3 provides the best value for money.
Earn from your Android Lock Screen app.Check out at play storesgetslidejoy.com/r/52ncW?id=1
the new exploding feature is awesome...if there is a criminal running around in streets just throw this phone and u will be saved!!!!
Best phone till date which I have owned till now.......
Someone was telling that this phone is garbage compare to Chinese.  But would like to tell you that first use and then say.  Number one smartphone, battery backup is nice.  With software update bugs are fixed.  Edge sceen now doesn't effect your use. Camera is awesome especially in low light.  I would recommend this product
BEST PHONE.....looking so nice, i am using from 1 month no any issue, gear vr is excellent.
What an amazing stuff! I'm thinking about using this as a Grenade if India decides to fight against Pakistan. Keeping it 4 stars only because it can't kill more than 1-2 terrorists in one explosion.
Defective product . Dont ever to purchase on amazon .
"Please...be cautious before buying this phone. The tag line should be.."Rethink how worst a phone can be" instead of :rethink what a phone can do". Leave about the set but the service...that experience will also make you laugh. The service center staff told sir we need to check whether there has been water ..than.. i reminded them...its a water resistant phone.......the concierge service..i got a call after 10 days..for picking up the call.. The only thing you love about the phone is the samsung finally admitted that they have committed a mistake by copying HTC and apple and refunded my amount.Thanks samsung...
Dont waste ur Money i have 3 major issue in this phone only in 2 month And Its not 100% Water resistance phone .....
How can you even think of buying  a Samsung for 55k when you can get an iPhone 6s (64gb) for 57k. Samsung phones will start having troubles (especially hanging issues after 6 months). Also Samsung will stop releasing updates after 2 years.. Apple on the other hand will give you updates as long as your phone can handle it(iphone 4s has ios9 update ). Apple phones still feels as good a new even after 2 years. Once you start using an iPhone I guarantee that you'll never think about using a Samsung or any android phone. Even though Samsung has 4gb ram snapdragon 820 it will still lag after 6 months because of improper optimization of touch wiz and it has been like this from the day they released s2. After s8 is released Samsung won't even consider optimizing software for s7 though they might release software update for 1 more year. So think wisely if you want spend 55k for 1 year(that is if it lasts my s2 and s3 didn't last more than a year )  or  57k for a phone that will last as long as you want. Love my iPhone 6. I bought it 2 years ago and it still feels good as new.
What a piece of crap ..!! I went for this phone after i heard good reviews from people..  The corner id the screen has dead pixels.. Calls drop  and the home screen button area has manufacturing defect .. Samsung dissapointed me .... AGAIN
After 2 days of using it went crazy....and on third day it blasted....boooom
A. overratedB. No radioC. Glass develops full of scratchesD. If dropped then you have a risk of spending another 15kE. It's not a perfect phone at the price it quotes, if it was priced below 35k then its perfect.F. Put 25k in SIP n let it multiply n then buy any other phone with almost similar feature under 25k n take a wise step. Stop overpaying these ppl so tht they learn how to price their phones.
57 k<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>.... doesnt worth a penny.i brought this phone and the finger print sensor annoys..
Plz guys do not waste your money on this phone.. worst phone ever..water resistant my foot all lies.. go for note 5
Don't buy this phone it is overpriced and the phone starts to overheat when  idle. I bought the oneplus 3 and it is a better phone compared to this garbage. My friend bought this and the screen cracked even though it was gorilla glass. Screen replacement is almost impossible and very costly because of the curved display and you have to buy a new phone.
Nice phone it was very first camera was very nice birthday glass for Note 2 from but I think it is payable at least hire people can take the space it is good and no 7 is also there now so it is up to you I will suggest you if you have in between 60 or 50 that you should go for it
Prices are high level which not decreased into the rates
Worst phone pls don't purchase wasn't good hang problem heating problem battery problem network problem.
A c4 for 50k
Hanging problem,Irresponsive touch,Battery problem,Poor display,No worth for money.
Sir, I have seen About this Mobile On UC Browser... This Mobile Selling On 799<U+20B9> Only....Aisa Badkaana Achha Thodi hainPublic ko Galat Message Jata hain..
Buy Micromax instead of this phone.
Is it really 531 gm really....haha. ...what a joke. In product information in website it shows 531 gm...ha ha
Over heating touch screen is horrible doesn't work properly finger sensor is worst
rompted by various features advertised by Samsung, our organisation purchased a Samsung Galaxy Edge 7 Mobile phone. One important feature we were looking out in this phone  before purchasing it, was the FM radio like in case of the Samsung Galaxy Note. On receiving confirmation from Samsung that FM radio application was available on Samsung Galaxy Edge 7, we purchased one unit of Samsung Galaxy Edge 7 for Rs 55,500/- on 19.5.2016. However, when putting the said phone into operations after it was purchased,  we were advised that the FM radio plays only after downloading the FM radio app. from Google play store and is not a built in application like the other Samsung phones. When we downloaded the FM radio, it does play FM radio. But, the said FM radio does not play any of the local Goa stations. In this connections we have contacted Samsung on a number of occassions and every time we have been assured of prompt solution. But till date we have not got any solution.We were also in need of a dual SIM card phone. The Samsung Authorised dealer advised us to purchase Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge to meet our requirement of dual sim card. Accordingly, we also purchased Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge for  Rs 40,900/- on 2/6/16. But, when we actually purchased the said phone and opened the sealed pack after making the full payment, we noticed the said phone was with slot for single SIM card only.  Having no choice we are left with the said phone having a single SIM card slot.Now with the above experience our organization has taken a policy decision never to go in for Samsung products.For Bandekar Brothers Pvt. Ltd Shyam Warkhandkar
nice phone at very cheap price . i will buy two more piece
THE PHONE IS NOT WORTH THE PRICE SAMSUNG IS ASKING FOR. ITS A VERY GOOD PHONE BUT CERTAINLY OVERPRICED.MEDIOCRE SPEAKERS AND AWFUL GRIP.
Bakvass phone guys heating problems and batteri drain early
I have lost billNeed duplicate for service
Worst product and service from Samsung. Never expected !
Touch the edge ,the function will not work.The touch response is just average..Very poor perfomance after claiming a high price.
This phone is nothing when compared to iphone 6s. Apple phones are always on the top.
if u r spending so much money , why buy samsung ?
